It might be a very useful feature to keep the input entered by the user if the validations failed,
especially if the forms are larger and contain more fields.
Let me show you what I mean.
Send this forum with the incorrect input.
And apart from seeing the errors, you can see the input is gone.
You need to retype it again.
It's fine when you have two fields, but not so fine if you have 10 or 20 fields.
Laravel will keep the so-called old input in the session for you and you can retrieve it using the global
old helper function in blade templates.
All you have to do is to set the value of the input to a call to an old function with the name of that
field.
So title in this case.
Alternatively, it accepts a second optional argument with a default value, and we will use that later.
Let's do the same with the text area.
So we called with content.
Next time you will submit the form with the incorrect input, the input will stay in the form so we
can fix it.